What is the use of the EBB?
The EBB uses, and it does because it gives you a lot of information,
the typical traditional segmentation, geographical, where demographic lives by age.
It is not the same a fragrance, a colony for someone over 50,
that for someone young or psychographic profile,
that is more modern, cosmopolitan, urban, I don't know.
This is very important for a company like the EBB.
They also added variables that helped them to understand more,
that you already know, like the for what they buy,
when they buy, where they buy, with what frequency.
All those are variables that allow you to do many segmentations.
They were a step further.
And what they did is identify a series of specific customer.
And in the end, this is the challenge,
I have a lot of information, but I have to identify a series of customer that are useful to me,
that allow me to adapt.
And what customer was Silvia talking about?
That called profiles.
For example, the gifter, the traveler, the lover.
Let's go deeper how they got to that.
Well, the gifter is someone who buys you to make a gift.
So, what EBB comes to the conclusion is that really the important thing,
the important information, the important segmentation variable,
in this case, is that he buys you to make a gift or not.
It is more important than the age he has or whatever.
And when you understand that, when you understand that inside your clients
there is a specific customer, in this case, the gifter,
you put the name of the gifter to understand him well,
and then you also analyze him.
And that is that the important thing of all the clients that are inside that customer,
is that they are buying you to make a gift,
because you can adapt a lot to them.
You can adapt to all the formats of the fragrances,
you can adapt the packaging, I don't know, you can adapt the distribution, I don't know,
because I'm not an expert in the sector, but you understand that he is buying you to make a gift
and that is the most important thing for you, more than the rest of the variables.
Or the traveler.
It turns out that you discover that there are clients who buy you when they are traveling.
In this case, what is the criterion to define a traveler?
What is the sex, age or that it is cosmopolitan?
No, the criterion to define it, the variable used to define it is when he buys you.
In this case, it turns out that he buys you when he is traveling.
And that gives you a lot of information, because then you can adapt, for example, the distribution.
Or the formats, the distribution to the points of sale, for example, in Duty Free, for example.
Or the lover.
The lover is a lover of the brand.
Why are you segmenting the lover?
For his tastes, for his profile?
No, you are segmenting him because he is a lover of the brand.
And since he is a lover of the brand, then you analyze him and it turns out that he would be willing to buy in subscription,
that he likes to go to the point of sale from time to time and know the new colonies that have come out,
but that he always buys in addition to the new ones, he buys the classic, etc. I don't know.
But hey, what we can learn here is that to identify customer-persons,
what you have to do is start from the variables that are most important to you.
In this case, that, that he buys you to make a gift.
Or that he buys you when he is traveling.
Those variables that give you a lot of information that allow you to identify a customer-person
and then go deeper into him, analyze him, know him, etc., etc., etc.
And be able to adapt to him.
Another interesting conclusion is that in this case they have identified several customer-persons
and the same person can be within several or can act as several.
Because you can be a lover of the OEB, but it also turns out that you are a gifter
because you use it at some point to make a gift.
Or you are a rashi, which is, I was talking about rashi,
which was one of those who buy you at the last moment or when they run out of options, etc., etc., etc.